hello and welcome her too
this video today is about the
cpu cooler from the house rage in day and
I hope I have it right
pronounced
and in this case it's about that
top model wintek is fresh
founded and now launches one
offensive against thermalright and co
this processor kilo how to get it here
looks is the top middle of the cpu
cooler series also offers this form
but also in addition housing as
also power supplies
but before it starts, a big one
thank you a rainy day for me that
Product is kindly available
have put up well and then we look
let's have the race day cpu cooler next to
the clear similarity to
alternative product of thermalright the
hr 02 macho offers the agent tag
also a cinetower design 140 mm
fan with pwm control and of course
a heatpipe construction in u-shape with
a total of six heatpipes paired with
a huge cooling surface becomes the agent
jack for optimal alternative in the
Comparison to the thermalright hr 02
the special highlight of this cpu
cooler is the new in this case
designed cpu fan which in the 140
mm format is with a fabulous us
of just 13 centimeters one
width of 1 58 mm and a length of 1
48 mm, this fan is a newcomer in the
cpu cooler area of ​​the fan is going through
a four pwm connection connected
and has a speed range of 700
up to 1400 pm
the fan is under maximum
speed about 96 cubic meters the hour
as already mentioned we have one
heatsink in single core design this
is equipped with a total of six
heatpipes which are down here in the
mediated copper base and ducks
in total, they have a strength of 6
millimeter as well we have the option
in addition a fan here in front or
can be positioned at the back and thus can
we use a push and pull system
the
heat sink even with built-in fan
is there still relatively big that means
we have a height of 160 millimeters
a width of 1 place and 24 mm and one
length of 51 millimeters
Overall, the heatsink brings together
then fan a total weight of north
and seven grams on the scales and thus
we have a relatively heavy cdu
Klop for the easy and simple
Installation of the cpu cooler will be in the
final version of the reggae caribus
this screwdriver in addition
included among others
following intel as well as amd socket
systems supports intel lga 775 as
also 11 50 and thus it's the support
guaranteed for the latest intel
slot cpu s of course will be older
systems supported like 11 55 and 11 56
of course also 13 66 and 2011 at amd
behaves the identical to inter
Here we have the support for
older socket systems as well for the
latest among others here for example
on the 2 and evening two plus 33 plus m1 m2
as well as 11 2 plus to determine the
maximum cooling capacity on one
current systems became following
test environment uses the intelli 747
70 km from the hesse generation was
partly with 3.5 ghz standard clock
operated as overclocked to 4 2 ghz
the mainboard was in this case the
asus z 87 per working memory in this
fall corsa wendels in the loh profi
version with a basic clock of 1600
meter with a total of 16 gb in addition
you can get a pellet gtx 77 here
jetstream edition for use
the net itself in this case the be
quite straight power e9 with 500 watts as
also a samsung 48 per with 256 gb and
windows 7 professional in the 64 bit
version of the agent jerry buss cpu cooler
was in the standard configuration
that means the fan was used
fastened in front so that this then in
Push operation works and the fan
generally ran at 100 percent with approx
1400 revolutions
minute well then let's have a look
test results was among others
the cpu as already mentioned on 3 5 ghz
Chilled in the past and under load
of course also over clock on 4 2 ghz
Of course there always as well as under
load
we come to the conclusion of course had
it's the regent ex-boss cpu-cooler in
This test is not very easy
because of the fact that we are here
hitzkopf 47 70 cards as well
established brands in comparison to
race day including for example be quite
or terminal
Basically, I had the question
is now because the combination of
old new or
classic cooler as well as new
designed fan because so powerful
like the established brands or products
from be quiet as well as from the
results will be pretty clear in the
it is not high end today
mandatory a cpu cooler too
choose the especially by its high
Price also shines cheap products like
for example, the agent jack the same
the high end area counts here
a good alternative between
established cpu coolers by be quiet as
often overath and co
Nevertheless, I was at the beginning after all
quite skeptical if for example the
newly designed rainy day fan that
can perform in what normal cdu air
to do there
Nevertheless, the intec has me positive
surprised in spite of the special fan
construction and he is as good as
classic cpu fan at the
Cooling performance is definitely not there
it has also been seen that
one up to a few degrees to the top
model of tom wright the server extreme
rankommt and thus secures the
Airbus takes its place next to the well-known ones
products like dark rock 2 and hr 02
the installation, however, is very simple
and are no problem for beginners
represent
above all, the compatibility to
older as well as mostly ecosystem
a very good feature among others
not with any cpu cooler these days
more is offered
so you can also this
cpu cooler of the latest generation
older systems such as Intel 13 66 or
amd am2 or 1 2 plus easy to install
both the quality of workmanship
also the materials used are
at a very high level
there may be another here and there
few optimization possibilities eg the
stiffness of the aluminum lamella something
improve that they are not so easy
can move here and there
can it ever happen if you have the
It can be cool or wrong
Occasionally that one or two
Slats slightly bent
In terms of performance, one has seen that
the agent day in no way in
shadow of other cpu-coolers is the
may have been on for a while now
are the market and the same applies
same for the price here it is
interesting to see that a new one
Product not necessarily more free
as older products
so it's nice to know that
the airbus is cheaper than the
example of the a2 of thermalright and
So of course I can give a recommendation
for the day of the race, he passed it on
because we have a very much here
good performance but also a lot
low price and there we are too
already at the end I thank you
at this point first for watching
if you have any questions or suggestions
like to know about the contact form
my website as well as via youtube
Of course I would be happy if you
the video just a thumb after
there is yes and then we see that
next time, it's pure and goodbye